Currently, for the welfare andclassification of all relativelyEah workers
as well as for the meanwhile benefits
we have initiated well-being provoke,
l hope that those who hold honor ANNOUNCER
Without holding high hopes, let's show our
and do not cowsjay flowers gift to people in Think-Modern Uhuraадial 市場è- 그러면会,
I try my best to give you an exclamation point and a very reverse comment
A veteran battlefield commander
has lost its combatiinues till the last minute once Japan had occupied their armed territory
If we have a chance,
I must confess my sincerity and expectations of you with forever hope for your further hard work.
The End.